Section 1: Identify the network protocol involved in the incident.

The protocol involved in the incident is HTTP (hypertext transfer protocol). Since the issue
was with accessing the web server for yummyrecipesforme.com we know that requests to web servers
for web pages involve http traffic. Also, when we ran tcpdump and accessed the yummyrecipesforme.com
website the corresponding tcpdump log file showed the usage of http protocol at the application
layer to transfer the malicious file to user. 

Section 2: Document the incident 

Several customers contacted the website's helpdesk stating that when they visited the website,
they were promted to download and run a file that contained access to new recipes. Their personal
computers have been operating slowly ever since. The website owner tried logging into the web 
server but noticed they were locked out of their account. 

The cybersecurity analyst used a sandbox environment to open the webiste without impacting the
company network. Then the analyst ran tcpdump to capture the network traffic packets produced
by interacting with the website. The analyst was prompted to download a file claiming it would
provide access to free recipes, accepted the download and ran it. The browser then redirected
the analyst to a fake website. 

The cybersecurity analyst inspected the tcpdump log and oberserved that the browser intially
requested the IP address for the yummyrecipesforme.com website. Once the connection with the 
website was established over HTTP protocol, the analyst recalled downloading and executing 
the file. The logs showed a sudden change in netowrk traffic as the browser requested a new
Ip address for the fake website URL. The network traffic was then routed to the new IP address.

The senior cybersecurity analyzed the source code for the websites and downloaded file.
It was then discovered that an attacked had manipulated the website to add code that prompted
users to download a malicious file disguised as a browser update. The website owner stated
that they had been locked out of their administrator account, the team believes the attacker
used a brute force attack to access the account and change the admin password. The execution
of the malicious file compromised the end user's computers. 

Section 3: Recommend one remediation for brute force attacks

One security measure the team plans to implement to protect against brute force attacks is 
to disallow previous passwords from being used. Since the vulnerability that led to this 
attack was the attacker's ability to use a default password to log in, it's important that
we prevent any old passwords such as default password from being used to reset the password.

Another supportive measure is to require longer passwords. Passwords that are 15 characters
or longer offer greater protection against brute force attacks.

Another helpful solution is to implement two-factor authentication (2FA). This requires
authentication via a password and also by confirming a one-time passcode (OTP) sent to 
either their email or phone. Once the user confirms their identity through their login 
credentials and the OTP, they will gain access to the system. 
