Three hardening tools the organization can use to address the vulnerabilities
found include:

1. Implementing multi-factor authentication (MFA)
2. Setting and enforcing strong password policies
3. Performing firewall maintenance regularly
MFA requires users to use more than one way to identify and verify their
credentials before accessing an application. Some MFA methods include
fingerprint scans, ID cards, pin numbers, and passwords.
Password policies can be refined to include rules regarding password length, a
list of acceptable characters, and a disclaimer to discourage password sharing.
They can also include rules surrounding unsuccessful login attempts, such as
the user losing access to the network after five unsuccessful attempts.
Firewall maintenance entails checking and updating security configurations
regularly to stay ahead of potential threats.

Enforcing multi-factor authentication (MFA) adds an additional layer of security
beyond a password. It will reduce the likelihood that a malicious actor can
access a network through a brute force or related attack since additional effort
is required to authenticate in more than one way. MFA may also reduce the
likelihood of people sharing passwords. Since the recipient of the shared
password would need to possess additional authentication besides a password,
MFA makes it less useful to share passwords, thereby making passwords less
likely to be shared.

Creating and enforcing a password policy within the company will make it
increasingly challenging for malicious actors to access the network. Policies
such as suspending the account after a certain number of logins can prevent
successful brute force attacks. Increasing password complexity, requiring more
frequent password updates, and not allowing passwords to be reused also help
stall malicious actors from infiltrating the network.

Firewall maintenance should happen regularly. Network administrators should
ensure that firewall rules are in place that reflect the most up to date standards
for allowed and denied traffic. Traffic from sources that are suspicious should be
placed on a denied traffic list. Firewall rules should be updated whenever a
security event occurs, especially an event that allows suspicious network traffic
into the network. This measure can be used to protect against various DoS and
DDoS attacks.
